examples/README.md, before:

---
title: Sample Notebooks using Scribbler
layout: page
decripriont: Links to sample Scribbler notebooks (.jsnb) hosted on Github. Click on each link to play around with the code.
---
## Links to example Notebooks saved in this Repo
 
The below notebooks are samples/boilerplates to start experimenting/building.

### Introductory Notebooks
1. [Hello-world for JavaScript Notebook](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Hello-world.jsnb). An introductory notebook with a hello-world example.
2. [Using curr_cell function in Scribbler](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/curr_cell_example.jsnb). A special function in Scribbler to identify the dom of current cell.
3. [For-loop vs Reduce Performance Comparision](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Timing-experiment.jsnb). Compares performance of for-loop in javascript with that of the native function reduce.
4. [Alternating Sequence](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Alternating-Sequence.jsnb). Sum of sequences, shows usage of for-loop and simple plotting.

### Graphs/Plotting
5. [Plotly graphs Example in JavaScript](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Plotly-Example.jsnb). Shows usage of Plotly library for plotting graphs in the browser.
6. [Using DI-Libs for Plots](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/DI-Lib-Plots.jsnb). Plotting graphs suing the library - [di-libs.js](https://decentralized-intelligence.com/di-libs).
7. [Crypt-Plots](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Crypto-Currency-TimeSeries.jsnb). Plotting crypto-currency timeseries with data from API calls.

### P2P and Decentralization
8. [WebTorrent library](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/WebTorrent-Example.jsnb). Using webtorrent for writing and reading files to torrents network in the browser.
9. [Blockchain using Metamask](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Ethereum-Metamask.jsnb). Integrating web-applications with Blockchain via Metamask.
10. [IPFS in the Browser using js-ipfs](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/IPFS-in-Browser.jsnb). Accessing decentralized file system ipsf from the browser.

### Financial Computation
11. [Option Pricing using Black-Scholes](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Black-Scholes.jsnb). Pricing options using the famous Black-Scholes formula.
12. [Option Pricing using Monte-Carlo Simulation](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Option-Pricing-MC.jsnb). Pricing options using Monte-Carlo simulation of the underlying price movement.


### Simulation
13. [Monte-Carlo Simulation of AMM - Automated Market Making](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/AMM-Simulation.jsnb). Simulating Automate-Market-Making for assets in a decentralized exchange.
14. [Simple Simulation Example](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Simple-Simulation.jsnb). Simulation of a physical system - a ball bouncing off four walls.
15. [Dynamic System Simulation - Bouncing Ball on Moving Boundary](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Dynamic-Simulation.jsnb). Simulation of a physical system - a ball bouncing off four walls but with one of the walls oscillating.
16. [Option Price Simulation](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Black-Scholes-Simulation.jsnb). 
17. [Monte-Carlo Simulation of Goals](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Monte-Carlo-Simulation-of-Goals.jsnb). Simulation of football goals and probability of winning.

### Scientific and Mathematical Computation
18. [Runge-Kutta Method for Differential Equations](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Runge-Kutta-for-Differential-Equations.jsnb). A numerical method for solving ordinary differential equations
19. [Numerical Recipes in JavaScript](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Numerical-Analysis-Recipes.jsnb). Several numerical methods for solving equations and doing integration.
20. [Regula Falsi Method for Solving Equations](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Regula-Falsi.jsnb). An ancient method for solving equations. 
21. [Fibonacci Sequence and Golden Ratio](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Fibonacci-Sequence-Golden-Ratio.jsnb). Convergence of ratio of sebsequent number is Fibonacci series to the Golden Ratio.


### Functional Programming and Libraries
22. [Array Functions in JavaScript](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Array-Functions.jsnb). Array functions in JavaScript help in functional programming and making succinct code without loops.
23. [Using Underscore.js](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Underscore-JS.jsnb). Underscore.js is a library with utilities in JavaScript. 
24. [Functional Code for Numerical Analysis](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Numerical-Analysis-Using-Functional-Paradigm.jsnb). Functional code for finding roots, derivative and inverse of functions.

### Machine Learning
25. [Decentralized ML Using Brain.js](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Decentralized-ML-Model-Storage.jsnb). Machine learming in the browser using Brain.js and storing the model as JSON in the local system. Can be modified to store the model in IPFS/Torrents.

### More examples!
[List of sample notebooks on Scribbler](https://examples.scribbler.live/)

Commit message:

Update README.md to include link to CSV analysis example notebook

examples/README.md, after:

---
title: Sample Notebooks using Scribbler
layout: page
decripriont: Links to sample Scribbler notebooks (.jsnb) hosted on Github. Click on each link to play around with the code.
---
## Links to example Notebooks saved in this Repo
 
The below notebooks are samples/boilerplates to start experimenting/building.

### Introductory Notebooks
1. [Hello-world for JavaScript Notebook](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Hello-world.jsnb). An introductory notebook with a hello-world example.
2. [Using curr_cell function in Scribbler](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/curr_cell_example.jsnb). A special function in Scribbler to identify the dom of current cell.
3. [For-loop vs Reduce Performance Comparision](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Timing-experiment.jsnb). Compares performance of for-loop in javascript with that of the native function reduce.
4. [Alternating Sequence](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Alternating-Sequence.jsnb). Sum of sequences, shows usage of for-loop and simple plotting.

### Graphs/Plotting
5. [Plotly graphs Example in JavaScript](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Plotly-Example.jsnb). Shows usage of Plotly library for plotting graphs in the browser.
6. [Using DI-Libs for Plots](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/DI-Lib-Plots.jsnb). Plotting graphs suing the library - [di-libs.js](https://decentralized-intelligence.com/di-libs).
7. [Crypt-Plots](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Crypto-Currency-TimeSeries.jsnb). Plotting crypto-currency timeseries with data from API calls.

### P2P and Decentralization
8. [WebTorrent library](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/WebTorrent-Example.jsnb). Using webtorrent for writing and reading files to torrents network in the browser.
9. [Blockchain using Metamask](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Ethereum-Metamask.jsnb). Integrating web-applications with Blockchain via Metamask.
10. [IPFS in the Browser using js-ipfs](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/IPFS-in-Browser.jsnb). Accessing decentralized file system ipsf from the browser.

### Financial Computation
11. [Option Pricing using Black-Scholes](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Black-Scholes.jsnb). Pricing options using the famous Black-Scholes formula.
12. [Option Pricing using Monte-Carlo Simulation](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Option-Pricing-MC.jsnb). Pricing options using Monte-Carlo simulation of the underlying price movement.


### Simulation
13. [Monte-Carlo Simulation of AMM - Automated Market Making](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/AMM-Simulation.jsnb). Simulating Automate-Market-Making for assets in a decentralized exchange.
14. [Simple Simulation Example](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Simple-Simulation.jsnb). Simulation of a physical system - a ball bouncing off four walls.
15. [Dynamic System Simulation - Bouncing Ball on Moving Boundary](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Dynamic-Simulation.jsnb). Simulation of a physical system - a ball bouncing off four walls but with one of the walls oscillating.
16. [Option Price Simulation](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Black-Scholes-Simulation.jsnb). 
17. [Monte-Carlo Simulation of Goals](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Monte-Carlo-Simulation-of-Goals.jsnb). Simulation of football goals and probability of winning.

### Scientific and Mathematical Computation
18. [Runge-Kutta Method for Differential Equations](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Runge-Kutta-for-Differential-Equations.jsnb). A numerical method for solving ordinary differential equations
19. [Numerical Recipes in JavaScript](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Numerical-Analysis-Recipes.jsnb). Several numerical methods for solving equations and doing integration.
20. [Regula Falsi Method for Solving Equations](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Regula-Falsi.jsnb). An ancient method for solving equations. 
21. [Fibonacci Sequence and Golden Ratio](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Fibonacci-Sequence-Golden-Ratio.jsnb). Convergence of ratio of sebsequent number is Fibonacci series to the Golden Ratio.


### Functional Programming and Libraries
22. [Array Functions in JavaScript](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Array-Functions.jsnb). Array functions in JavaScript help in functional programming and making succinct code without loops.
23. [Using Underscore.js](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Underscore-JS.jsnb). Underscore.js is a library with utilities in JavaScript. 
24. [Functional Code for Numerical Analysis](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Numerical-Analysis-Using-Functional-Paradigm.jsnb). Functional code for finding roots, derivative and inverse of functions.

### Machine Learning
25. [Decentralized ML Using Brain.js](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/Decentralized-ML-Model-Storage.jsnb). Machine learming in the browser using Brain.js and storing the model as JSON in the local system. Can be modified to store the model in IPFS/Torrents.

### Data Analysis
26. [CSV Analysis Example](https://app.scribbler.live/#./examples/csv_analysis_example.jsnb). Example notebook for loading CSV files and performing data analysis, including visualization and aggregation.

### More examples!
[List of sample notebooks on Scribbler](https://examples.scribbler.live/)
